# Cool Vendor, XMPro announces participation at Gartner Symposium/ITxpo Gold Coast 2012 - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/cool-vendor-xmpro-announces-participation-at-gartner-symposiumitxpo-gold-coast-2012/

GARTNER SYMPOSIUM/ITxpo, Gold Coast, Aus. November, 2012 – XMPro Inc. announced their participation in the Gartner Symposium/ITxpo 2012 as a Business Process Management Marketplace sponsor. After their recent recognition as a Cool Vendor* for BPM in 2012, delegates will get the opportunity to meet with Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro and learn more about the company’s flagship product, iBOS (Intelligent Business Operations Server) a solution built around Intelligent Business Process Management (iBPMS), a much deliberated theme recently unveiled by Gartner.
Last year Gartner urged CIOs and senior IT executives to re-imagine, rethink and reconsider what IT means and how it can be applied to the needs and goals of the enterprise. This year, that quest will be escalated forcing businesses to think, work and connect in entirely new ways with disruptive technologies such as cloud, social, mobile and information. Delegates can look forward to Guest Keynote Speaker Dom Sagolla, Co-creator of Twitter, to name a few.  Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro comments, “We are enthusiastic about this gathering and the work Gartner is doing with CIO’s in constructing IT architecture that focusses, connects and leads their enterprises. We believe that our platform around Intelligent Business Operations will help CIO’s accomplish this goal”.
Gartner Symposium/ITxpo is the industry’s largest and most strategic conference for CIOs and senior IT executives. Designed to deliver real-world insight, actionable advice and executive-level skill-building for a variety of roles and responsibilities, it is the only IT event that takes full advantage of the authority and weight of the world’s leading IT research and advisory organization. XMPro was a new addition to the Solution Showcase last year, and this year they attracted attention as Cool Vendors at the Gartner BPM Summit in Sydney as well as the Symposium/ITxpo in Orlando, Florida. Their solution promises to bring to the table an unconventional, innovative, business friendly BPM technology embracing the concept of creating and sustaining business value with a solution that enables operation managers to get control over their people, their business activities and processes, and their business or IT systems. This year XMPro’s solution showcase will be a fundamental pit stop in test driving a recognized iBPMS design to solve real-world process problems for customers across a broad range of industries.
Held on the 12-15th November 2012 at the Gold Coast Convention & Exhibition Centre, Australia, the Gartner Symposium/ITxpo will disclose ways to create new levels of strength, visibility and power in the enterprise. To find out more visit https://xmpro.com/info/gartnersymposiumitxpo_goldcoast/
*Gartner, Inc., Cool Vendors in Business Process Management, 2012, Michele Cantara, et al, April 23, 2012.
About XMPro:
XMPro Inc. helps organizations who are dealing with unpredictable processes, reliant on knowledge workers, to reduce uncertainty and risk. XMPro iBOS is a complete and integrated “Intelligent Business Operations Server” that matches business operations strategy with business process technology.  Structured, unstructured, social, mobile and connected – All in one iBPMS solution. Visit www.xmpro.com for more details.
About Gartner Symposium/ITxpo:
Gartner Symposium/ITxpo is the world’s most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives. This event delivers independent and objective content with the authority and weight of the world’s leading IT research and advisory organization, and provides access to the latest solutions from key technology providers. Gartner’s annual Symposium/ITxpo events are key components of attendees’ annual planning efforts. IT executives rely on Gartner Symposium/ITxpo to gain insight into how their organizations can use IT to address business challenges and improve operational efficiency. For more information, please visit http://www.gartner.com/technology/symposium/gold-coast/.
About Gartner’s Cool Vendors:
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 