# Cool Vendor, XMPro, participates in Gartner’s 2012 Business Process Management Summit in Sydney - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/cool-vendor-xmpro-participates-in-gartners-2012-business-process-management-summit-in-sydney/

Cool Vendor, XMPro, to showcase at Gartner Business Process Management Summit in Sydney 2012.

August 2012, Sydney – XMPro Inc. is proud to announce their participation as a sponsor at the Gartner Business Process Management (BPM) Summit 2012 in Sydney Australia.  After their recent label as a Cool Vendor* for BPM in 2012, XMPro will get an opportunity to showcase their acknowledgement and display their work around Intelligent Business Operations, which is a newly awaited theme to be unveiled by Gartner at the summit this year.
Following the success of the summit launch in 2011, this year promises to raise expectations with hot topics such as the ins and outs of Business Process Management, and how to deal with organizational politics, change and performance. The much anticipated release of Gartner’s new Magic quadrant for Intelligent Business Operations otherwise known as their iBPMS Magic Quadrant is said to be a massive attraction. Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro comments, “We are enthusiastic about this gathering and the work Gartner is doing around Intelligent Business Operations. We believe that this platform will expose Australian Operations Managers to the best of the best”.
The Gartner Business Process Management Summit is the largest, most inclusive BPM conference in the industry. Last year XMPro was the newest addition to the Solution Showcase bringing to the table an unconventional, innovative, business friendly BPM technology. XMPro embraces the concept of creating and sustaining business value with a solution that enables operation managers to get control over their people, their business activities and processes, and their business or IT systems. This year XMPro’s solution showcase will support major Gartner event Hot Topics with an emphasis on Intelligent Business Operations. Their showcase will be a fundamental pit stop in test driving an iBPMS designed to solve real-world process problems for customers across a broad range of industries.
Held on the 20-21st August 2012 at the Sheraton on the Park in Sydney Australia, the Gartner BPM Summit will disclose proven BPM management disciplines and reveal the latest BPM technologies. To find out more visit https://xmpro.com/info/gartnerbpmsummit/
*Gartner, Inc., Cool Vendors in Business Process Management, 2012, Michele Cantara, et al, April 23, 2012.
About XMPro
XMPro helps organizations who are dealing with unpredictable processes, reliant on knowledge workers, to reduce uncertainty and risk. XMPro iBOS is a complete and integrated “Intelligent Business Operations Server” that matches business operations strategy with business process technology.  Structured, unstructured, social, mobile and connected – All in one iBPMS solution.
About Gartner’s Cool Vendors 
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 