# XMPro To Participate As Sponsor At The Gartner BPM Summit 2011 - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-to-participate-as-sponsor-at-the-gartner-bpm-summit-2011/

19th April 2011, Sydney – XMPro Pty Ltd is proud to announce their participation as a sponsor at the Gartner Business Process Management Summit 2011 in Sydney Australia.  As a sponsor of the event, XMPro will get an opportunity to showcase its end to end BPM solution and highlight its product compatibility on all platforms. Pieter van Schalkwyk, Managing Director of XMPro, comments on XMPro’s participation in the summit, “We are pleased to be contributing towards the Gartner BPM Summit. Organisations are discovering the benefits of effective process management and are starting to realise that BPM is more than just structured factory style workflows. Gartner is leading the way with dynamic process management thinking and we are excited to use the BPM Summit as a platform to introduce Australian Process Managers to the advantages of a more dynamic process approach.”
The Gartner Business Process Management Summit is the largest, most inclusive BPM conference in the industry. Held at the Sydney Convention and Exhibition Centre on the 8-9th August 2011, it will focus on exploring proven BPM management disciplines as well as the latest BPM technologies, and demonstrate how to use them together to drive sustainable business value. Some topical discourses will include; culture and organisational change, cost optimisation and organisational agility, process competencies and capabilities, BPM technology and enterprise architecture, improvement methodologies, process improvement, business optimisation and value, process governance, and social BPM. Early bird registrations are now available, contact XMPro for Discount Code.
The XMPro team has been actively involved in enterprise business process management solutions for more than a decade. XMPro was established to build on this experience with a range of innovative process management solutions that have a strong focus on process performance measurement and improvement. XMPro is headquartered in Sydney, Australia with offices in the USA, UK and South Africa.
 