# XMPro named as a Technology Innovator for Digital Twins in the 2023 Gartner® report. - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-named-as-a-technology-innovator-for-digital-twins-in-the-2023-gartner-report/

5 September 2023 Dallas, TX
XMPro, a leading provider of Intelligent Digital Twin Solutions for asset-intensive industries, has been named as a Technology Innovator  for Digital Twins in the 2023 Gartner Emerging Tech: Tech Innovators for Digital Twins – IT providers.
According to the report, “IT providers are innovating with digital twins to help enterprises improve processes, enhance business visibility and drive revenue. Product leaders must leverage these innovations to differentiate via composable templates, domain knowledge, niche target markets and client value stories.”. Additionally, recommending that Product Leaders could “Accelerate sales closure rates by building libraries of well-designed templates for the core sets of business challenges that clients face in your target markets. Focus these templates on helping buyers lower their total cost of ownership (TCO) and total time to value, as well as improving other critical business outcomes like improving profitability, lowering complexity and shortening deployment times.” 1
1 Gartner, “Emerging Tech: Tech Innovators for Digital Twins – IT providers.”, Alfonso Velosa, Scot Kim and Eric Goodness, 29 August 2023
Gartner Disclaimer: 
GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in our research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s Research & Advisory organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.