# XMPro Joins SAP® PartnerEdge® Program - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-joins-sap-partneredge-program/

Dallas, TX – June 7, 2017 – XMPro today announced that it has joined the SAP® PartnerEdge® program as a partner that designs, develops and builds software using the SAP HANA® platform. Through its participation in the program, XMPro is now announcing the availability of its Rapid IIoT Application Builder running on SAP HANA. The solution provides customers with a visual orchestration environment that enables engineers and subject matter experts to build custom industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) applications with little or no coding required. The company has launched its presence on SAP App Center, where it will market the XMPro IIoT application.
“We look forward to working with SAP as part of the SAP PartnerEdge program to strengthen the growing ecosystem and accelerate the adoption of industrial IoT,” said Pieter van Schalkwyk, XMPro CEO. “Making XMPro IIoT available on the SAP App Center provides another channel for customers to use our software to build lean IIoT prototypes with enterprise scaling capability.”
As an SAP partner in SAP PartnerEdge, XMPro is empowered to build, market and sell software applications on top of market-leading technology platforms from SAP. The end-to-end program provides the enablement tools, benefits and support to facilitate building high-quality, disruptive applications focused on specific business needs – quickly and cost-effectively. The program provides access to all relevant SAP technologies in one simplified framework under a single, global contract, including the ability to bundle licenses of SAP Cloud Platform with partner applications.
SAP, PartnerEdge, SAP HANA and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE (or an SAP affiliate company) in Germany and other countries. See http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx for additional trademark information and notices. All other product and service names mentioned are the trademarks of their respective companies. 