# XMPro and Gartner Collaborate for Sydney Summit - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-and-gartner-collaborate-for-sydney-summit/

18th May 2011, Sydney – Following the latest announcement of XMPro’s participation as a sponsor at the Gartner Business Process Management Summit in Sydney, a recent briefing with Gartner and XMPro has confirmed both parties’ intentions to see delegates leverage the most they can from attending the assembly and exploring opportunities now available with XMPro’s participation.
Gartner has recently released the Hot Topics and Event Agendas, and revealed that the overriding theme of the summit will be around ‘Sustaining Business Value with Business Process Management’. Pieter van Schalkwyk, Managing Director of XMPro, commends Gartner “Organisations are discovering the benefits of effective process management and are starting to realise that BPM is more than just structured factory style workflows. BPM is the actual work that organisations do, making daily operations crucial to sustaining business value. Gartner is leading the way with dynamic process management thinking and we are excited to use the BPM Summit as a platform to introduce Australian Process Managers to the advantages of a more dynamic process approach.”
The Gartner Business Process Management Summit is the largest, most inclusive BPM conference in the industry. XMPro is the newest addition to the Solution Showcase bringing to the table an unconventional lightweight, business friendly BPM technology for midmarket companies. XMPro embraces the concept of creating and sustaining business value with a solution that enables operation managers to get control over their people, their business activities and processes, and their business or IT systems. XMPro’s solution showcase will support major Gartner event Hot Topics with their emphasis on Social BPM, Process discovery and life-cycles, SharePoint integration and Cloud capabilities. The Summit’s Hot Topics will include culture and organisational change, cost optimisation and organisational agility, process competencies and capabilities, BPM technology and enterprise architecture, improvement methodologies, process improvement, business optimisation and value, process governance, and social BPM.
With a large representation of delegates expected to attend the track session ‘Mastering BPM basics’, XMPro’s solution showcase will be a fundamental pit stop in test driving a business friendly BPM solution with a strong Operations Management focus that is designed to solve real-world process problems for customers across a broad range of industries.
 