# XMPro Client Receives Top Awards - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-client-receives-top-awards/

Recreational Services, XMPro’s client, is the 2012 Westpac Supreme Business Excellence Award Winner.
Dallas, TX, U.S.A, November 2012 – XMPro client, Recreational Services Ltd – specializes in the management and maintenance of parks, turf and sporting facilities across New Zealand – won supreme honors at the Westpac Auckland North Business Awards on the 26th October 2012. Run by Auckland Tourism, Events and Economic Development (ATEED), the Awards’ purpose is to honor local companies, their people and their achievements. This year the Awards attracted 143 entries from a diverse mix of companies, and has become the premier local business event. Recreational Services claimed the honorable Babcock Excellence in Leadership Award before winning the evening’s top prize, the Westpac Supreme Business Excellence Award. “We were impressed with the overall management of Recreational Services. Its solid processes, clear direction and exceptional leadership has created a successful business,” says Mr. Bellingham, Chairman of Judges.
XMPro, with Professional Advantage as the Implementation Partner, has supported Recreational Services in its work as its Business Process Management Solution. Initiating with the automation of Recreational Service’s main business processes, XMPro then facilitated continuous improvement initiatives and helped strengthen Recreational Service’s links between its people, processes and technology. “Since our Continuous Improvement of Processes and Systems (CIPS) initiative we’ve probably put on $3 million of business without growing our administration team.” said Keitha Turner, Director of Recreational Services. This created the the potential to grow the company by another 30% without increasing overheads, it also ensured staff remained engaged and excited about this initiative. Turner continues, “XMPro has given us the building blocks to assist us in planning, prioritizing, and most importantly, it provides the tools to implement system optimization cost effectively”.
To showcase this business improvement strategy and transformation, Recreational Services was recently invited by Gartner Inc. to present their XMPro case study at the Gartner BPM Summit in Sydney 2012. “We are very proud of Recreational Services. Its vision for continuous improvement drives its success and is a showcase for XMPro as a tool to deliver process improvements. It is a company that is intelligent about its operations and is getting better at getting work done,” says Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro Inc.
About Recreational Services Ltd:
Founded in 1992, Recreational Services Ltd started out with four staff members and one contract. It has now grown to 300 staff members and service over 3000 parks throughout New Zealand. Recreational Services since its inception has set high standards for itself within the Parks and Open Spaces area and continue to strive to meet and exceed business excellence in all areas of its business operations. For more information about Recreational Services Ltd, visit its website at http://www.recreationalservices.co.nz/
About XMPro Inc.:
Recognized as a Gartner Cool Vendor*, XMPro Inc. provides process solutions that help organizations who are dealing with unpredictable processes, reliant on knowledge workers, to reduce uncertainty and risk. XMPro iBOS is a complete and integrated “Intelligent Business Operations Server” that matches business operations strategy with business process technology.  XMPro is an Intelligent Business Process Management Suite (iBPMS) that is well-suited to help Fortune 1000 companies manage complex processes where the flow path is not always known in advance and where the failure of the process means compliance risk, monetary losses and/or reputational risk. Visit https://xmpro.com for more details. Follow XMPro publications on Twitter @xmpro and Facebook.
*Gartner, Inc., Cool Vendors in Business Process Management, 2012, Michele Cantara, et al, April 23, 2012.
About Gartner’s Cool Vendors: 
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 