# XMPro Named a Sample Provider for Digital Twins in 2022 Gartner® Report: Emerging Tech Impact Radar: Edge AI. - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-named-a-sample-provider-for-digital-twins-in-2022-gartner-report-emerging-tech-impact-radar-edge-ai/

XMPro Named a Sample Provider for Digital Twins in 2022 Gartner® Report: Emerging Tech Impact Radar: Edge AI.
XMPro, a leading No-Code Composable Digital Twin Platform for asset-intensive industries, has been named as a Sample Provider for Digital Twins in the 2022 Gartner report : Emerging Tech Impact Radar: Edge AI.
According to the report, “The value of edge AI offerings is materially advancing with emerging AI technologies, trends and techniques employed at the edge. Product leaders should invest in go-to-market strategies that use the timing and impact of these advancements to gain a competitive advantage..” 1
“We are delighted to be mentioned by Gartner as a Sample Provider for Digital Twins in this report. In our opinion, the XMPro Digital Twin Composition platform enables intelligent Digital Twins across the continuum from edge to cloud. Edge AI is a key capability that provide significant business value as Digital Twins use cases leverage this at scale. Building out and supporting this capability will remain a key focus area for us at XMPro as we help customers to realize ROI from their Digital Twins investment”  said Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro.
1 Gartner, “Emerging Tech Impact Radar: Edge AI”, Danielle Casey, Eric Goodness, Arun Chandrasekaran, Rajesh Kandaswamy, Chirag Dekate, Bill Ray, Wataru Katsurashima, Kristian Steenstrup, Alan Priestley, Bart Willemsen, 3 November 2022
 
Gartner Disclaimer: 
GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in our research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s Research & Advisory organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.