# Cool Vendor, XMPro Announces participation at Gartner Symposium/ITxpo 2012 - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/cool-vendor-xmpro-announces-participation-at-gartner-symposiumitxpo-2012/

GARTNER SYMPOSIUM/ITxpo, FL., 26 September, 2012 – XMPro Inc. today announced their participation in the Gartner Symposium/ITxpo 2012 as a Business Process Management Marketplace sponsor.  After their recent label as a Cool Vendor* for BPM in 2012, XMPro will get an opportunity to showcase their acknowledgement and display their work around Intelligent Business Operations, a much deliberated theme recently unveiled by Gartner.
Following last year’s urge for CIOs and senior IT executives to re-imagine, rethink and reconsider what IT means and how it can be applied to the needs and goals of the enterprise, Gartner promises to escalate the quest in this year’s gathering by focusing on the disruptive technologies of cloud, social, mobile and information. Delegates can look forward to Keynotes from John T. Chambers, Chairman and CEO, Cisco; Meg Whitman, President and CEO, HP; and General Colin Powell, USA (Retired) to name a few.  Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro comments, “We are enthusiastic about this gathering and the work Gartner is doing with CIO’s in constructing IT architecture that focusses, connects and leads their enterprises. We believe that our platform around Intelligent Business Operations will help CIO’s accomplish this goal”.
Gartner Symposium/ITxpo is the industry’s largest and most strategic conference for CIOs and senior IT executives. More than 8,000 senior business and IT strategists, including more than 2,000 CIOs, will gather for the insights, tools and solutions they need to ensure that their IT initiatives are key contributors to and drivers of their enterprise’s success. Although XMPro is the newest addition to the BPM Solution Showcase this year, the company created hype in the recent Gartner BPM Summit in Sydney and promises to bring to the table an unconventional, innovative, business friendly BPM technology. XMPro embraces the concept of creating and sustaining business value with a solution that enables operation managers to get control over their people, their business activities and processes, and their business or IT systems. This year XMPro’s solution showcase will be a fundamental pit stop in test driving a recognized iBPMS designed to solve real-world process problems for customers across a broad range of industries.
Held on the 21st-25th October 2012 at the Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel in Orlando, Florida, the Gartner Symposium/ITxpo will disclose proven BPM management disciplines and reveal the latest BPM technologies. To find out more visit https://xmpro.com/info/gartnersymposiumitxpo_orlando/
*Gartner, Inc., Cool Vendors in Business Process Management, 2012, Michele Cantara, et al, April 23, 2012.
XMPro helps organizations who are dealing with unpredictable processes, which are reliant on knowledge workers, to reduce uncertainty and risk related to these processes. XMPro iBOS is a complete and integrated “Intelligent Business Operations Server” that matches business operations strategy with business process technology.  Structured -, unstructured -, and hybrid processes, social, mobile and connected – All in one iBPMS solution. For more information, please visit www.xmpro.com.
Gartner Symposium/ITxpo is the world’s most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives. This event delivers independent and objective content with the authority and weight of the world’s leading IT research and advisory organization, and provides access to the latest solutions from key technology providers. Gartner’s annual Symposium/ITxpo events are key components of attendees’ annual planning efforts. IT executives rely on Gartner Symposium/ITxpo to gain insight into how their organizations can use IT to address business challenges and improve operational efficiency. For more information, please visit www.gartner.com/us/symposium.
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 