# Professional Advantage is the honoured recipient of the 2010 XMPro Partner Achievement Award for Australia and the United Kingdom.  This prestigious award recognises the outstanding work that XMPro partners have performed in the areas of sales, XMPro software utilisation, as well as customer satisfaction and support. Joint MD of Professional Advantage Steve Howcroft said, “Along with our personal expertise and other valuable solutions, XMPro is one of the major tools that we use to help our clients enhance and optimise their business execution.” - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/professional-advantage-is-the-honoured-recipient-of-the-2010-xmpro-partner-achievement-award-for-australia-and-the-united-kingdom-this-prestigious-award-recognises-the-outstanding-work-that-xmpro-p/

March 2011, Sydney Australia: Professional Advantage is the honoured recipient of the 2010 XMPro Partner Achievement Award for Australia and the United Kingdom.
This prestigious award recognises the outstanding work that XMPro partners have performed in the areas of sales, XMPro software utilisation, as well as customer satisfaction and support. Joint MD of Professional Advantage Steve Howcroft said, “Along with our personal expertise and other valuable solutions, XMPro is one of the major tools that we use to help our clients enhance and optimise their business execution.”
Professional Advantage is a successful company passionate about seeing their customers improve their business performance through the application of leading-edge
technology. With a 20 year success track record Professional Advantage has worked with over 1000 organisations including well-known companies such as AFL, Flight Centre, Hays Personnel, Serco Sedexho Defence Services, Starbucks Coffee Australia, Sungard, and many others. They are also the holder of over 40 different awards from various vendors and have grown their team to over 250 employees in 6 offices around Australia and internationally.
XMPro is a specialist provider of business process management software solutions for enterprise and small to medium sized companies. Professional Advantage uses XMPro software to model business processes and automate complex workflows as part of their business process optimisation solution. The solutions works in popular applications and devices such as Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft SharePoint, BlackBerry, iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices, providing businesses with a mobile work environment that operates in real time.
In a statement, Pieter van Schalkwyk, Director of XMPro said, “XMPro is pleased to recognise Professional Advantage for its success in helping customers improve business operations and take advantage of our software in new and innovative ways.”