# SoftServe Partners with XMPro to Amplify Intelligent Digital Twin Offerings - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/softserve-partners-with-xmpro-to-amplify-intelligent-digital-twin-offerings/

12th October 2023, Dallas, TX: SoftServe, a premier IT consulting and digital services provider, today announced its newest partnership with XMPro, a leading provider of intelligent digital twin solutions. This collaboration is formed to streamline the adoption process of XMPro’s Intelligent Digital Twin Suite and offer end-to-end support throughout the deployment journey for Industry 4.0 clients in the mining, energy and manufacturing sectors. As a mark of this newfound synergy, both SoftServe and XMPro will be marking their presence at GITEX Global this month in Dubai, showcasing their collaborative strength in the digital twin realm.
SoftServe’s solution design and implementation expertise plays a pivotal role in making the process more streamlined, efficient, and tailored to clients’ unique needs. By joining forces, SoftServe’s global reach will proliferate access to digital twin technologies, empowering more businesses with real-time insights, data-driven intelligence, and predictive analytics.
“This partnership is a testament to our tenacity for digital innovation and determination to make digital twin opportunities more affordable and accessible in the market,” said Serge Haziev, SoftServe’s Advanced Technologies CTO. “Partnering with XMPro will enhance our ability to deliver digital twin solutions using the power of low code, thereby reducing solution costs and accelerating time-to-value.”
The strategic collaboration offers a world-class solution design and implementation experience for clients using digital twins, AI, Big Data, IoT, XR, and more emerging technologies currently transforming the mining, manufacturing, oil and gas, energy, and supply chain sectors.
“We are thrilled to embark on this transformative journey with SoftServe,” said Pieter Van Schalkwyk, CEO at XMPro. “This partnership aligns perfectly with our vision of delivering top-tier digital twin solutions for driving operational efficiency and data-driven decision-making. With SoftServe’s exceptional track record and global reach, we’re confident our customers will benefit from the seamless, customized implementations propelling their digital transformation initiatives.”
To learn more about this partnership, GITEX Global participation and intelligent digital twin technologies, please visit SoftServe’s website.
About SoftServe
SoftServe is a premier IT consulting and digital services provider. We expand the horizon of new technologies to solve today’s complex business challenges and achieve meaningful outcomes for our clients. Our boundless curiosity drives us to explore and reimagine the art of the possible. Clients confidently rely on SoftServe to architect and execute mature and innovative capabilities, such as digital engineering, data and analytics, cloud, and AI/ML.
Our global reputation is gained from more than 30 years of experience delivering superior digital solutions at exceptional speed by top-tier engineering talent to enterprise industries, including high tech, financial services, healthcare, life sciences, retail, energy, and manufacturing. Visit our website, blog, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter pages for more information.
About XMPro
XMPro is a leading Intelligent Digital Twin Suite provider focused on helping industrial companies integrate IoT technology with business workflows to enhance their operational capabilities. XMPro’s digital twin suite makes it easy to integrate OT & IT systems, get real-time visibility into operations and respond faster to critical events. Founded in 2009, XMPro has a proven track record of helping customers accelerate their digital transformation and generate 10x faster ROI on IoT innovation. www.xmpro.com.