# XMPro Earns Certified Partner Status In Microsoft Partner Program - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-earns-certified-partner-status-in-microsoft-partner-program/

North Sydney, NSW, Australia. – 29th September, 2010 – XMPro Pty Ltd, a leading provider of innovative Business Process Management Solutions, today announced they have earned certified status in Microsoft Corporation’s Partner Program. This certification recognises XMPro’s expertise and total impact in the technology market place. As a Certified Partner, XMPro has demonstrated expertise with Microsoft technologies and proven ability to meet customer needs. Microsoft Certified Partners receive a rich set of benefits, including special access to Microsoft resources, training and support, that give them a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
XMPro’s flagship solution XMPro allows enterprise level, integrated business process management across all the areas of the organisation. XMPro was developed on the Microsoft .NET platform and extends typical ERP solutions e.g. Microsoft Dynamics AX and integrates it with a range of products, including Microsoft SharePoint. XMPro delivers processes to users on the Web, in Microsoft Outlook, SharePoint or via a mobile interface. XMCloud extends processes to platforms such as Microsoft Azure with the same ease as local deployment. A Business Processes Management System cannot be cast in stone as is often the case with most solutions on the market today. XMPro provides your business with the flexibility to constantly improve your processes without the relating cost and time constraints that are normally associated with software solution enhancements. XMPro enables organisations to visualise, digitise and optimise sequential and dynamic processes in a single solution. It gives better control to IT, better outcomes for business and a better experience for end users.
Only companies that have demonstrated high levels of customer service, provided their expertise and attained advanced certification receive the designation of Microsoft Certified Partner. Microsoft recognises XMPro for its skills and expertise in providing customer satisfaction with Microsoft products and technology.
“We are extremely pleased to have earned certified status in the Microsoft Partner Program. The certified status allows us to clearly promote our expertise and relationship with Microsoft to our customers,” said Pieter van Schalkwyk Managing Director of XMPro. “The benefits provided through our certified membership will allow us to continue to enhance the offerings that we provide for our customers.”
The Microsoft Partner Program was launched in December 2003 and represents Microsoft’s ongoing commitment to the success of partners worldwide. The Microsoft Partner Program offers a single, integrated partnering framework that recognises partner expertise, rewards the total impact that partners have in the technology marketplace, and delivers more value to help partners’ businesses be successful.
* * *
Product and company names herein are the trademarks of their registered owners.