# XMPro BPM Suite Updated For Usability And Performance With The Release Of XMPro v5.1 - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-bpm-suite-updated-for-usability-and-performance-with-the-release-of-xmpro-v5-1/

North Sydney, NSW, Australia – 16th December 2010. XMPro Pty Ltd today announced the release of version 5.1 of the XMPro Business Process Management Suite. XMPro v5.1 builds on the existing XMPro product with a focus on improved usability and performance.
The end user front end features improved process navigation with enhanced task tracking and audit trail capabilities. New “Process Search” capability provides one click search across processes similar to that found in typical search engines on the Internet. “Process navigation is enriched with grid functionality that allows users to drag and sort process columns to arrange tasks and activities according to the way they work” says XMPro director Pieter van Schalkwyk.
XMPro v 5.1 is built on the Microsoft .NET Framework 4, which brings a richer client experience and improved enterprise performance. It features full support for managed code that brings with it significant performance improvements. “It allows .Net developers with C# or VB.Net skills to support process consultants that could previously only configure processes with proprietary scripting. This is particularly useful when there is complex integration requirements that are better suited to the .NET development environment” says van Schalkwyk.
The XMDesigner interface has been upgraded to the Office 2010 look and feel. Improved use of the ribbon bar allows process designers to access frequently used features quicker. This reduces process configuration time. It features the new XMIDE (Integrated Design Environment), designed to support the managed code capabilities of XMPro v5.1. The XMIDE replaces the previous XMEditor that only supported basic scripting and support for web services integration. Van Schalkwyk states that this empowers process analysts even more to deliver on the promise of “Rapid Process Deployment”.
XMPro v 5.1 also features support for Microsoft SharePoint 2010 and Outlook 2010 in addition to the existing mobility and other interfaces like iPad, BlackBerry.
“Existing users of XMPro can upgrade to XMPro v 5.1 without changing existing processes to managed code” says van Schalkwyk and suggests that existing customers contact their reseller to plan their upgrade to XMPro v 5.1. Customers that use XMCloud will be upgraded in the first quarter 2011.
* * *
Product and company names herein are the trademarks of their registered owners.