# XMPro Announces Industrial Internet Consortium Membership - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-announces-industrial-internet-consortium-membership/

XMPro has joined the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) and looks forward to being an integral part of this group of innovative organizations.
Dallas, TX, October 05, 2015- XMPro announced today that they have joined the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC), which is a global non-profit, public-private partnership with over 200 member organizations. XMPro Inc. now has gained the opportunity to contribute to this renowned group of experts who are redefining best practices and innovation with the goal of accelerating the Industrial Internet.
In 2009, XMPro’s founder and CEO Pieter van Schalkwyk identified the need for a business process management (BPM) solution that used a dynamic, event-based approach to managing work in complex enterprise environments. Today, 20% of the Fortune 10 companies use XMPro’s software platform, which allows businesses to sense and evaluate key business events, and then move to act quickly and in a predictable manner.
Industrial Internet Consortium members include among the most progressive and innovative companies from around the globe. The Consortium works to bring everyone from entrepreneurs and researchers to corporate leaders and governments together with the idea of sharing best practices and working to advance innovation.
Together, Industrial Internet Consortium companies work to solve the challenges of innovation, interoperability, and security. In addition to having 200+ members from 25 countries, the Industrial Internet Consortium has 24 working groups and 9 approved testbeds including Asset Efficiency, Condition Monitoring and Predictive Maintenance, and Communication and Control Framework for MicroGrid Applications.
Pieter van Schalkwyk, XMPro CEO, “It is clear that the Industrial Internet will disrupt every industry ranging from energy and transportation to manufacturing, healthcare and beyond. Through the IIC, it is possible for industry leaders, startups and researchers to all come together to facilitate the development of new Industrial Internet products, processes and services via testbeds. We are thrilled to be part of the process.” 