# XMPRO Recognized as a “Sample Vendor” in the Gartner Hype Cycle for Analytics and Business Intelligence, 2020 - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-recognized-as-a-sample-vendor-in-the-gartner-hype-cycle-for-analytics-and-business-intelligence-2020/

Dallas, TX, August 21, 2020 – XMPRO is proud to announce that it has been listed as a “Sample Vendor” for Continuous Intelligence in the Gartner Hype Cycle for Analytics and Business Intelligence, 2020 (Gartner subscription required).
According to the report, “Data and analytics leaders should consider continuous intelligence for new business processes and when making significant changes to existing processes. It applies to situations in which real-time data from the last few seconds or minutes significantly improves business decisions.”
“We are proud to be recognized by Gartner as a Sample Vendor for Continuous Intelligence in Hype Cycle for Analytics and Business Intelligence, 2020. We’ve seen a lot of changes in the market after being included in last year’s report, especially since COVID-19 has accelerated the adoption of many new technologies. Continuous intelligence puts important data in the hands of your subject matter experts at the exact time when they need it most, even if they are not on site. We believe that deploying and scaling continuous intelligence is critically important to withstand the challenges that our customers are currently facing and those that lie ahead in the post-COVID world.” commented Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPRO.
*Gartner, Hype Cycle for Analytics and Business Intelligence, 2019 by Austin Kronz, Jim Hare, Peter Krensky, 5 August 2020
Disclaimer:
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.