# v4.3.3

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Editing or deleting a widget results in the page becoming unresponsive.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>After generating a new Widget with a personalized icon, all subsequent Widgets that were created would adopt the personalized icon of the initial Widget.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Unpublishing an application did not prevent access to the application when navigating to the URL directly.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Intermittently, when clicking on the landing page, the last accessed application is reloaded instead. Reproduce this error on slow internet connections or access the landing page while another application page is busy loading.<br><em>The landing page consistently opens as expected.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="236">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The error filter on a category's Data Streams was giving incorrect results - skipping those where at least one Stream Host was not online.<br>All filters on the category's Data Streams view are accurate.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The categories in the Data Stream's canvas toolbox were n the incorrect order.<br><em>The toolbox categories are ordered correctly.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The settings icon did not match that used in other XMPro products.<br><em>The settings icon is standard across the XMPro product suite.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Subscription Manager

<table><thead><tr><th width="236">Change Type</th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Some users encountered an inability to progress on the 'Link Account' page, while Single Sign-On (SSO) validation appeared to be functioning correctly.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>
