# v4.3.2

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="186">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Feature</td><td><p>New Blocks added to make your interactions with <a href="../concepts/recommendation/recommendation-alert.md">Recommendation Alerts</a> composable:</p><ul><li><a href="../blocks/recommendations/recommendation-analytics.md">Recommendation Analytics</a> - reuse <a href="../concepts/recommendation/recommendation-alert.md#analytics-1">this</a> handy analytics section for a quick view of the percentage change, and alerts generated per rule for your asset for a period of time.</li><li><a href="../blocks/recommendations/recommendation-alert-discussion.md">Recommendation Alert Discussion</a> - reuse <a href="../concepts/recommendation/recommendation-alert.md#discussion-1">this</a> powerful discussion section to unlock team collaboration on individual Recommendation Alerts. <br>We've added an optional summary of all alert discussions for an Entity Identifier.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Finer-grained <a href="../administration/subscriptions-admin/manage-user-access.md#app-designer-rights-and-roles">product rights</a> around uploading and deleting <a href="../concepts/application/app-files.md">App Files</a> have been added to App Designer: UploadAppFile and DeleteAppFile. </td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><p>Design User couldn't Add New Connection.</p><p>A new permission has been created for managing connections, and associated with the appropriate user types.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>After updating the recommendation factor, the Recommendation blade becomes stuck loading.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>An error is triggered when version 1.07 of the DS Connector is absent from the company.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Updating an optional factor does not prompt a reason for the change.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The recommendation factor is not included in the export and import of a recommendation.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>There is an error occurring when attempting to delete variables.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Selecting an application version, highlight all version rows.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The alert tagging feature is rendering incorrectly, leading to significant white spaces and layout issues when utilized.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="183">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Intermittent collection-based datastream initiation issues during publication.<br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>
