---
description: 09 Nov 2023
---

# v4.3.9

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>As highlighted in <a href="v4.3.8.md#app-designer">v4.3.8</a>, we can do better for data privacy by adding more stringent authorization controls to authenticated endpoints. In this release, access and product rights were added to <em>medium-priority</em> recommendation endpoints. </td></tr></tbody></table>

### Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>The <a href="../how-to-guides/agents/manage-agents.md#bulk-adding-agents">bulk Agent upload</a> has a size limit of 100mb. We've added the individual uncompressed agent file size as well as the total file size for added clarity on why an upload may fail. </td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The Stream Load and Stream Errors cards on the <a href="../how-to-guides/data-streams/use-stream-metrics.md">Stream Metrics</a> panel are always zero (introduced when the feature flag was renamed in 4.3.0).<br><em>The correct Stream Load and Stream Errors values are displayed.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Only the first 39 events defined for <a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/calculated-field/">Calculated Field Agent</a> are displayed in the Event Definitions list.<br><em>For all Agents that utilize an Edit List in their configuration, such as the Calculated Field Agent and the Event Simulator, there is no limit to the number of items displayed.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Stream Hosts

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Feature</td><td>We've added a new feature flag, Enable Luigi Preview, to allow beta testing of the new Stream Host core.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Fix app settings loading error.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Common

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Updated the <a href="../installation/install.md#software-requirements">installation software requirements</a> to clarify that the hosting bundle should be used for on prem.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Fixed a typo on the AWS Installer package creation for App Secrets.</td></tr></tbody></table>
