---
description: 30 Nov 2023
---

# v4.3.11

### Common

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Provide a visual representation of the XMPro product suite (each app service excluding Subscription Manager) to facilitate quicker analysis and the diagnosis of issues. <br><br>The ARM deployment template includes a Log Analytics workspace, Application Insights, and an Availability Test (using the AD and DS health check endpoints).</td></tr></tbody></table>

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>As highlighted in <a href="v4.3.8.md#app-designer">v4.3.8</a>, we can do better for data privacy by adding more stringent authorization controls to authenticated endpoints. In this release, access and product rights were added to <em>low-priority</em> recommendation, variable, and application endpoints. </td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The <a href="../blocks/visualizations/unity.md">Unity Block</a> does not show a data stream's real-time values updated on the model when using a connector with live updates.<br><em>Live data is supported on the Unity block.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Non-admin user is unable to save, resolve, or send discussion messages on alerts to which they have run access (Error message: Sorry, something went wrong. Unable to send message.)<br><em>Users with the View Recommendation Alert product access right and Run Access for an alert can interact with it.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Although <a href="../concepts/recommendation/rule.md#log-data-on">Log Data On</a> was set to 'All Occurrences', the <a href="../concepts/recommendation/recommendation-alert.md#event-data">Event Data</a> was not updated if the Rule's <a href="../concepts/recommendation/rule.md#recurrence">Recurrence</a> was 'First Occurrence'.<br><em>With the same configuration, one alert is generated but the event data is updated with every occurrence that the rule logic is met.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Users able to <a href="../how-to-guides/connectors/manage-connectors.md#versions-of-a-connector">delete connector versions</a> see the total usage count.<br><br>Previously, admins saw the total connector version usage, and everyone else saw the usage in apps to which they had access. Now users with DeleteConnector <a href="../administration/subscriptions-admin/manage-user-access.md#data-stream-designer-rights-and-roles">rights</a> can also see the total usage - empowering them to see which connector versions can be deleted.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The <a href="../how-to-guides/manage-site-settings.md#connector-usage-details-report">Connector Usage Details</a> report does not match the Connector Usage report when an Application has multiple versions.<br><em>Application Version was added to the Connector Usage Details report and the total matches the summary report.</em> </td></tr></tbody></table>

### XMPro Notebook

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Added OpenCV Python to the default XMPro Notebook <a href="../concepts/xmpro-ai/xmpro-notebook.md#libraries">libraries</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>
