# v4.3.4

### Common

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Updated Serilog to the latest stable version. </td></tr></tbody></table>

### Stream Hosts

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="../installation/3.-complete-installation/configure-logging-optional.md">Logging</a> provider support via Serilog, a diagnostic logging library, has been added to <a href="../installation/3.-complete-installation/configure-logging-optional.md#stream-hosts">Stream Hosts</a> to provide administrators with valuable insights into the behavior and performance of XMPro.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Block styling to achieve rounded corners (using Border Radius properties) is ignored at runtime to ensure the child elements are visible.<br><em>The Overflow property was added to <strong>all</strong> Visual and Recommendation Blocks. Designers can determine whether block styling covers the corners of child elements (hidden) or not (visible).</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The Indicator Block color can be set using a static value, but using a quick expression has no effect at runtime. As a workaround, set a variable using the expression and bind the variable to the Color property.<br><em>The Indicator Block color can be set using a static value or a quick expression.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Although users can view all the alerts displayed by a Recommendation Block, they can only drill down into the details of alerts to which they have run access.<br><em>The Recommendation Block displays the alerts to which the user has run access.</em> </td></tr></tbody></table>

### Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The Notes text area of an Agent on the canvas is not editable until selecting a font option, such as bold or underline.<br><em>You can start typing in the Notes text area when you select it.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Subscription Manager

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Product Right's blade is stuck loading for guest tenant users. <br><em>The error has been resolved for guest tenant users and anyone with an extra-long username.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>ARM template's subscription blade is stuck loading for Global Admin (not Company Admin). <br><em>Subscriptions load for all admin users so the existing licenses can be applied during the installation.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>
