# v4.3.6

### Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><p>Over time, if users do not close the <a href="../concepts/data-stream/running-data-streams.md#viewing-live-data">Live View</a>, these open connections can place additional load on Data Stream Designer (DS) as the Stream Hosts continue to send live data back to DS. This may reduce overall performance and reliability, and increase infrastructure costs. </p><p></p><p>With the new <a href="../how-to-guides/manage-site-settings.md#live-view-usage">Live View Usage</a> setting, admins can view usage and force a reset that closes all open Live View connections.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td>App Pages that include Blocks configured using variables, such as Esri Maps, fail to load for users without the Manage Variables product access right.<br><em>App Pages now load for users with run access to the App.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The 'Replace cache' option on the <a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/xmpro-app/how-to-use/configuration#server">XMPro App Action Agent</a> works correctly for single records but is inconsistent for batched data. <br><em>Each batch of data is now displayed in App Designer and reloading always shows the last batch of data.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Stream Hosts

<table><thead><tr><th width="229">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Introduced a consistent context data structure for logged events that can be searched and filtered to enable successful and reliable monitoring and reporting on Data Streams and Agents in tools such as Application Insights.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>We've added a new feature flag to enable <a href="../installation/3.-complete-installation/configure-logging-optional.md#application-insights-plus-telemetry">Application Insights with Telemetry</a> as a logging option for Stream Hosts.</td></tr></tbody></table>
