# v4.2.1

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="184">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Various application upgrades, including updates to the latest versions of the .NET and JavaScript web framework (Angular).</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Improvements to Recommendation Alerts performance.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Improvements to Widgets performance. Additionally, the Widgets accordion is collapsed by default.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>On <a href="../../concepts/recommendation/auto-escalate.md">auto-escalated alerts</a>, a hyperlink has been added to the original alert.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Unable to add a variable name that had been used before. <br><em>The error has been resolved.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The upgrade introduced an error on newly added checkboxes - the internal value changed when clicked but not the UI.<br><em>When adding a</em> <a href="../../blocks/basic/checkbox.md"><em>Check Box</em></a> <em>Block to a page, the default state is now unchecked and the default label is "Checkbox".</em> </td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>If two users try to concurrently manage the run access of an application, an error is triggered for the user who saves their change last. <br><em>The run access is updated in real-time for both sessions.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="185">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>The new site setting, <a href="../../how-to-guides/manage-site-settings.md#disable-stream-metrics">Enable Stream Metrics</a>, allows you to toggle on and off the Stream Load and Stream Errors cards on the <a href="../../how-to-guides/data-streams/use-stream-metrics.md">Stream Metrics</a> panel. It applies to both the published Data Stream canvas and the list of Data Stream cards accessed from the landing page. While these two metrics are valuable during the development lifecycle, the toggle is useful as they do impact performance.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>Unable to open the error flow canvas or import streams that use it. <br><em>The Canvas now switches from the data flow to the error flow canvas, which contains the error agent.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The error displayed when Categories' stats on the Data Stream home page has been resolved.</td></tr></tbody></table>
