# v4.2.3

### App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="189">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Performance of the Time Series Charts, when using the new <a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/tsc-sql-server-connector/">TSC SQL Connector</a>, has been significantly enhanced due to optimized client-side querying.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>We've added a view of all the <a href="../../how-to-guides/apps/manage-connections.md#data-stream-connections">Data Stream Connections</a> between an App and its related Data Streams. You can use this list to verify the current version of the Data Stream in use and make any necessary updates if required.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Common

<table><thead><tr><th width="189">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Feature</td><td>The new <a href="../../installation/3.-complete-installation/configure-health-checks-optional.md">health check</a> feature provides initial troubleshooting of the health of XMPro services. It displays the status of the XMPro services along with their ability to establish timely connections. It is also possible to add third-party endpoints to monitor all of your health checks in a central location.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>The installation process of the XMPro application on <a href="../../installation/2.-deployment/azure.md#install">Azure infrastructure</a> has been improved: the application version number is now appended to the "mainTemplate.json" filename. For instance, the filename would be "mainTemplate_4.2.3.json" for version 4.2.3 of the application. </td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>SSO logins post initial login fails for guest accounts.<br><em>This issue has been resolved, including a change in the way the access token is passed for live connection subscribers.</em></td></tr></tbody></table>
