# This Year’s CIO Review Magazine’s 100 Most Promising Big Data Solution Providers List Includes XMPro - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/this-years-cio-review-magazines-100-most-promising-big-data-solution-providers-list-includes-xmpro/

CIO Review Magazine has named XMPro one of the 100 most promising Big Data solution providers in 2015. Over 1,000 companies were considered for this honor.
Dallas, Texas, November 13th, 2015 – Today XMPro announced that CIO Review Magazine has named the company one of the 100 Most Promising Big Data Solution Providers for 2015. Every year CIO Review Magazine selects the 100 companies that are leading the way in addressing the challenges of Big Data, and these companies are profiled in the October 2015 edition of the magazine.
CIO Review recognizes that Big Data is now a key player in the global business landscape and that this role will only grow in prominence in the coming years. In selecting the “100 Most Promising Big Data Solution Providers in 2015,” CIO Review looked for companies that were embracing innovation and helping move Big Data forward.
The process for selecting XMPro was both intense and thorough. A distinguished panel of CEOs, CIOs, VCs and analysts were brought in to work with the CIO Review editorial board to select the top providers. Out of over 1,000 companies, XMPro was selected for the honor of 100 Most Promising Big Data Solution Providers in 2015.
Founded in 2009 by CEO Pieter van Schalkwyk and based in Dallas, Texas, XMPro’s platform is currently being used by 20% of the Fortune 10. XMPro iBOS provides operational intelligence for organizations enabling those organizations to sense key business events and then determine whether or not action is needed. With predictive analytics, clients have a streamlined way to deal with planned and unplanned business events in real-time and then make decisions based on that data. In addition to Fortune 10 organizations, XMPro also assists smaller enterprises with creating real-time enterprise-class operational intelligence from their Big Data.
Founder Pieter van Schalkwyk noted, “We are honored to have been named for this distinction. In our effort to support businesses both large and small, we are continuing to invest in areas such as machine learning, cognitive computing, business analytics, robotics and assistive technologies. The end goal is to provide top solutions to meet the growth of Big Data.”
About XMPro
Since 2009, XMPro has been helping organizations improve operational excellence, reduce risk and improve asset utilization through its Intelligent Business Operations platform.  XMPro iBOS combines Operational Intelligence with Business Process Management, which enables organizations to sense key business events, decide if action is needed and then take the appropriate action. 