# XMPro Named Business Process Management Cool Vendor by Leading Analyst Firm - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-cool-vendor-press-release/

Sydney, Australia, 7 May 2012 – XMPro, a leading Australian provider of Business Process Management solutions, has been selected by Gartner as a Cool Vendors (see footnote) in Business Process Management (BPM).
Each year, Gartner publishes a series of research reports in key technology areas that identifies undiscovered vendors with innovative products and services. This year five vendors are profiled in the 2012 BPM Cool Vendors report illustrating the use of cloud, mobile, social, and information forces that are reshaping the use of IT. XMPro, an Australian, BPM Vendor has been named a Cool BPM Vendor based on innovative, impactful and intriguing technology
According to the report, organisations who use these [newly selected BPM Cool Vendors] don’t just view business processes as a static, repeatable set of flows. Instead, they seek dynamic BPM rules-driven processes that change on the fly. These BPM vendors focus on providing mobile access to business processes from a variety of devices, consuming BPM technology in the cloud and support social BPM. The five vendors profiled in this research focus on knowledge-intensive processes that require case management, advanced decisioning, and intelligent business operations. BPM platforms accelerate time to results in business process improvement (BPI) projects, and form a foundation for creating and maintaining next-generation, composite applications.
Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro, said, “We believe being classed a Gartner BPM Cool Vendor exemplifies our solution as a forerunner in keys areas where BPM is changing to accommodate the demands of current business environments. Aiming for Intelligent Business Process Management, this report justifies our solution and qualifies our ability to handle dynamic BPM which is driven by business rules that change at any point in time.”
XMPro has the ability to trigger rules at the actual activity in the process or in the form field, which provides the flexibility to handle process exceptions and complex processes that have many route options. This functionality acts as “an umbrella” which coordinates repeatable and unstructured process interactions involving human tasks, decisions, SharePoint, Outlook and enterprise applications. “Our customers comment on the power they have gained through synching their technology and accessing information in one place no matter how complex a process gets”, said van Schalkwyk.
XMPro has the ability to deploy a process to multiple user interfaces which include mobile devices. “Customers access their process activities from interfaces that are the most convenient for their organisation, including their Outlook, SharePoint Portal, or mobile devices. We are proud of XMPro’s monitoring capability (XMPro Insight) as well as the number of connectors we have built into the solution used to accelerate integration to common systems and applications that bring unique value to our clients. We want our solution to be intuitive and easy to use” said van Schalkwyk.
XMPro offers to BPI Leaders:
The next generation of business processes will have to move beyond cost savings and efficiency, and become more adjustable to changing market and customer dynamics. XMPro iBOS is a process management platform that provides the solution to operationalise Intelligent Business Operations. For additional information, please visit http:/www./xmpro.com/.
About XMPro
XMPro enables organisations to take better business actions with market-leading software for enterprise business process management. XMPro’s BPMS grew from complex event processing requirements rather than structured workflow enabling organisations to achieve next-generation intelligent BPM.  With extensive experience in enterprise integration and knowledge style processes, XMPro BPMS solves real-world process problems for customers across a board range of industries in both the public and private sectors in Australia and overseas.  XMPro is headquartered in Sydney and works with a network of technology partners and value added resellers. For further information, https://xmpro.com.
Gartner, Inc., Cool Vendors in Business Process Management, 2012, Michele Cantara, et al, April 23, 2012.
About Gartner’s Cool Vendors 
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organisation and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.