# XMPro Included as a “Sample Vendor” in the Gartner Hype Cycle for Business Process Management, 2015 - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-included-as-a-sample-vendor-in-the-gartner-hype-cycle-for-business-process-management-2015/

Dallas, TX, August 14, 2015 — XMPro today announced that it has been listed as a “Sample Vendor” for Operational Intelligence Platforms, Intelligent Business Operations and bpmPaaS in the Gartner Hype Cycle for Business Process Management, 2015.*
The report states that, “CEOs are driving their businesses toward digital business. Business transformation and process leaders, including CIOs, must not just investigate, but invest in next-wave capabilities.”
“Changing to become a digital business is not just about digitizing existing paper-based forms and workflow, but it is about changing the way you think about business processes and how they can exploit business moments that bring new business models and opportunities,” says XMPro CEO, Pieter van Schalkwyk. “We obsess over ways to manage the processes that need to deal with the deluge of digital data from databases, systems and most recently, smart sensor devices and the Internet of Things. We see the future of digital BPM in real-time Operational Intelligence, Machine Learning and real-time KPI management”, says van Schalkwyk. “We are pleased to be included in the BPM Hype Cycle as we feel it charts the future of digital business and process management.”
Disclaimer:
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
*Gartner, Hype Cycle for Business Process Management, 2015 by Bruce Robertson, 29 July 2015. 