# XMPro Inc. partners with Bytes Connect to deliver iBOS Solutions to African Customers - XMPRO

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-inc-partners-with-bytes-connect-to-deliver-ibos-solutions-to-african-customers/

9 October, 2012, South Africa – XMPro Inc. is pleased to announce a new partnership with Bytes Connect, a division of Bytes Technology Group, to provide cutting edge iBOS (Intelligent Business Operations Server) technology to African Customers.
Bytes Connect offers a range of strategic ICT services and has a strong partner base including Microsoft, Dell, HP, Genesys, CISCO, Alcatel and others. Bytes Connect is eager to enhance their offerings with XMPro’s iBOS solution; Raymond Rea, Bytes Connect Software Services Manager commented, “We have identified XMPro as a proven solution when addressing the area of integrated business operations and are glad to be able to offer this capability to our clients”.
XMPro is a ground breaking technology in the field of Intelligent Business Process Management (iBPM). iBPM is a fresh subject unveiled by Gartner at their recent summits in Australia, and having recently been named a Cool Vendor* for BPM in 2012 by Gartner, XMPro Inc. is in the best position to provide a solution in this space. The partnership between Bytes Connect and XMPro Inc., promises to guarantee the best African iBPM solution with leading technology from XMPro and experienced business, technical and operational expertise from Bytes Connect. Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPro Inc. commented, “We trust that our partnership with Bytes Connect will achieve the goal of providing an integrated process solution to African customers and look forward to hearing the testimonies”. The solution is currently available to customers looking to enhance their IT solutions and can contact Lloyd Davis, Executive Business Development at Bytes Connect for more information.
*Gartner, Inc., Cool Vendors in Business Process Management, 2012, Michele Cantara, et al, April 23, 2012.
About XMPro:
XMPro Inc. helps organizations who are dealing with unpredictable processes, reliant on knowledge workers, to reduce uncertainty and risk. XMPro iBOS is a complete and integrated “Intelligent Business Operations Server” that matches business operations strategy with business process technology.  Structured, unstructured, social, mobile and connected – All in one iBPMS solution. Visit www.xmpro.com for more details.
About Bytes Connect: 
A division of Bytes Technology Group South Africa, Bytes Connect offers a full range of ICT services, including IP and legacy voice solutions, unified and mobile communications, contact centers, and a comprehensive range of pre- and post-sales services, among others. Visit http://www.bytesconnect.co.za/ for more details.
About Gartner’s Cool Vendors: 
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 