# XMPRO Joins the Asset Institute® To Collaborate on Asset Management

URL: https://xmpro.com/xmpro-joins-the-asset-institute-to-collaborate-on-asset-management-best-practices-for-the-digital-age/

Sydney, NSW, October 26, 2020 – XMPRO, a low-code application development platform provider for asset-intensive industries, has joined the Asset Institute®.
The Asset Institute® is a leading International Research Institute providing transformational Infrastructure and Engineering Asset Management Solutions for public benefit. The institute brings together a diverse community of industry members, research organizations and government partners to solve asset management and sustainability challenges.
“We’re excited to collaborate with the Asset Institute® to provide guidance to organizations looking to implement innovative technologies, like digital twins, for asset management. We’ve been contributing to global initiatives like the Industrial Internet Consortium, Digital Twin Consortium and OSDU for many years and look forward to sharing what we’ve learned to benefit the Australian asset management community.” commented Pieter van Schalkwyk, CEO of XMPRO.
XMPRO’s Low-Code Application Development Platform enables engineers and subject matter experts to build and deploy real-time applications in weeks.  The platform makes it easy to connect to a variety of data sources, apply real-time analytics and trigger rule-based prescriptive recommendations when specific events occur in your data.
With XMPRO, SMEs can use their expert knowledge to build a portfolio of real-time apps to prevent asset downtime, reduce production losses and prevent safety incidents. These apps can be rapidly deployed across different asset types, plants, operational areas and business units to scale your digital transformation without overloading your IT team.
“We are delighted to welcome XMPRO to our collaboration,” said Dr. Joe Mathew, CEO of the Asset Institute®. “Their experience deploying digital twins to optimize asset health will be invaluable to our other members as we work together to advance asset management practices in this rapidly evolving technology environment.”